1. What is the problem that you are trying to solve?

The problem that i am trying to solve is how to monitor easily the monitoring of the daily vehicle appraisal and acquisition status 
of crown honda. 

2.What is the idea for your project?

The idea is a website called " Vehicle Acquisition Monitoring Website, where the Vehicle Acquisition Specialist will be able
to create a record of the vehicle owners information and the vehicle information for appraisal. 
It will then monitor the status
of the appraisal if the owner traded his vehicle to a new/used vehicle or sell it only to the dealership. 
It will monitor
the daily count of the vehicle appraised, traded, and purchased on a month to date basis.

3. What information will your solution store?

The information my website will store is the list of the vehicle acquisition specialist users, and the model, make, trim, color and engine size of the vehicle.
Sale person assigned, Accesories of the vehicle and Protection packages
 
4. What use cases/features/flows will your solution provide?

User can log in to the website with their employee number and password to gain access
User can create new vehicle appraisal by entering the vin number to create new record.if the vin is found it will show a remarks that the vehicle was appraised already
by the user/ the date/ and the amount and it will show all the information entered/saved before then the user can edit all
the fields.
if vin is not found then it will ask to input the following:
the customer name, sales person assigned, date, vin number, mileage, vehicle description(year,make,model,trim,color/engine size), manual/automatic, number of owners
with claims, claim details, purchased(new/used), lien(yes/no), lien details(amount/bank/payment), license plate, features, extended warranty (yes/no),warranty details,  protection package, protection packagedetails,
service record(yes/no), 2 keys (yes/no), remote start(yes/no), winter tires(yes/no), rims(yes/no)
After saving user will find the record from list of appraised vehicle and update the record by entering the appraised
amount, that will record the date created and updated and the user who update the record. then record will be updated

User will then update the record of the appraised vehicle with appraised amount  by updating its 
status to traded or not, purchased or not or number served only, not interested
If the vehicle is traded it will ask additional information (deal number and stock number) if buy-in only it will ask the stock number only 
Record with no appraised amount will have an automatic status "Pending Appraisal" after a day

If the status is not traded, not purchased, number served only, not interested 
the website will print an Appraisal cheque Voucher.

User can view the list of appraised vehicle by filter in days (7/14/30/90/all) by default is 7 days
it will show the total records count.
and the record list information (vin, year,make, model, series(trim,engine size), color, odometer, source(customer name), created date, created by)
then each record can be click to individually update it. and also there is a check box each record to delete it forcely.

User can also view all appraised vehicle with status status to traded or not, purchased or not or number served only, not interested
for month to date report. that will create a summary of "Total vehicle appraised, total vehicle appraised with number presented, total vehicle traded/buyins




